okay hey everyone so today we're here is
the Beast to tell you guys something
about like a jumping white iphone but my
boys could be a little scratchy her the
smoke and we command don't even ask you
my go first it's nothing else it's tough
to make it big when you're on your own
good by yourself sure I phones but most
important know it's you / with iphone no
Johnny say the words oh god I'm gonna be
laughing when all you Quasimodo run
around
just 13 urine watching these videos
thank you okay fine you granting I'll
make two videos for anyways all your
function overdue texting I can't talk
like that mrs. thrown into traffic
there's gonna be a lot of bell towers
foot up in the future I don't know
what's happening get yourself in your
sock it's all the rage let me
demonstrate your chocolates on the dough
All Right see the ear oh wait see the
year and then here's the usual brand new
I wasn't gonna make it just seemed so
impatient anyway I'll get him wasted oh
right in iphone sabe yeah that's my
blackberry and the way to go because
they are touches me I don't know what I
mean like I'll baby let me know me so I
can be sent to you faces a black braid I
just don't what this but would work I'm
not really sure what I'm doing because I
can't see yo I think I'm gonna move and
then you can go like wish I need your
quit but yeah and it's just me and it's
a blackberry what more could you want
right now it's better you know you
tightly and you can be no I mean you can
use this brand new
so what I'm saying is brynn you're
already spending money on brand new-
roxbury brand might as well get a lawyer
fuck just be brand new what you saying
it brand-new brand-new brand-new
brand-new brand-new brand-new brand-new
yeah yeah it's fucking play that play
that shit bitch bitch